# Third post

I completed Question 2 and Question 3 for Assignment 3 last night. Moreover, I want to put some experience with those two questions. 

Firstly, the link of bird-not_bird for question 2 is beneficial for students who need a Python background. Before, the file went through all the steps and will explain in detail so that the students can follow those explanations without much issue. However, by doing question 2, I realized that
the search tool we used in the question needed to be fixed. "Duckduckgo", the search tool we used for question 2, will often return the error for some reason, and no matter how I try it, it will still output the error. Therefore, for future assignments, do not use duckduckgo as the search
tool; find another better tool to search the images. Otherwise, it is a pain throughout question 2, assignment 3. 

Secondly, it is challenging to build proper code from scratch. Therefore, it is a good idea to look at how other people have done it, and based on that code, create your code or modify the code on your way; try not just copy and paste. Even just doing all the typing can help to understand more about 
deep learning on the Python platform. As I have some idea of RCNN and CNN, I chose the one done with CNN and modified the code. After I completed the question last night, I reckon this assignment is an excellent opportunity to practice Python and deep learning. Although the fixing error stage is very 
painful, it becomes a very beneficial experience once the question is done. 
